[docs] Changes for self-service sso setup (#29855)
expo/expo: docs/pages/accounts/sso.mdx

import { Step } from '~/ui/components/Step';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

SSO is available for [Enterprise plan](https://expo.dev/pricing) customers and set up is self-service.

> To get started, first prepare your identity provider (IdP) for Expo SSO and gather information by following a configuration guide below.
> Once you have done this, the owner of your Organization can enable SSO, as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, prepare your identity provider (IdP) for Expo SSO and gather information by following the [configuration guide for your IdP](/#identity-provider-support) from below. Once you have done this, your Organization's owner can follow instructions to [enable SSO](#enable-sso).
```

Let's rephrase this a little bit for clarity and use internal links to the sections.

Author: Done

We implement the [OpenID Connect Discovery 1.0](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) specification and are working to verify additional compatible identity providers. If you use another identity provider and are interested in SSO, [let us know](https://expo.dev/contact).

## Enable SSO
SSO is enabled by creating SSO configuration for the Organization.

<Step label="1">

> 	Log in as the Organization account owner, select your Organization Account, then go to Organization Settings > Overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Log in as the Organization account owner, select your Organization Account, then go to **Organization Settings** > **Overview**.
```

Let's prefer highlighting the Settings name in expo.dev (as we do in the rest of the docs).

Author: Done

</Step>

<Step label="2">

> 	Click the ‘Start’ button next to the ‘Create SSO configuration for account’ option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Click the **Start** button next to the **Create SSO configuration for account** option.
```

Author: Done

</Step>

<Step label="3">

> 	Enter the configuration details for your IdP in the form, with the information from setting up your IdP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Enter the configuration details for your IdP in the form using the information you collected during the IdP setup:
```

Author: Done

>   - your client ID
>   - your client secret
>   - your IdP subdomain/tenant ID, if needed. Check the Issuer field help for what to enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Client ID
  - Client secret
  - IdP subdomain/tenant ID, if needed. Check the Issuer field for help with what to enter.
```

Let's omit the word "your" here since it's obvious to the user that they have to enter their credentials.

Author: Deleted your

Changed 
  Check the Issuer field for help with what to enter
to:
  Click the **?** icon above the Issuer field for help with what to enter.

As I'm trying to express click the help icon for help, without using the word help twice

Reviewer: Thank you for making it more clear by updating it 🙏

</Step>

<Step label="4">

> 	Click ‘Create SSO Configuration’ and you should see the message that you have successfully created SSO configuration for your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Click **Create SSO Configuration** and you should see the message that you have successfully created SSO configuration for your account.
```

Author: Done

	</Step>

<Step label="5">

>   The Organization Settings > Overview page will now display an ‘Update SSO configuration’ option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The **Organization settings** > **Overview** page will now display an **Update SSO configuration** option. Use this option to update the client secret when it changes.
```

In Expo dashboard, "Organization settings" is the name of the tab. For consistency, let's stick to using the same form.

Author: Done

>   - use this option to update the client secret when it has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's remove this as a list item. It should be part of the above sentence.
